<ins>**How to start Application**</ins>
1. If you have Intelij, you just need to pull the file from github using either fork or github Desktop. Using the Intelij IDE to start the application using bug or start button.
2. If not Intelij, can use such command mvn spring-boot:run
3. Perform the API Response using the Postman Collection shared in the repositories.

<ins>**Borrower Controller**</ins>
1. Create Borrower
   ->to perform the action where to add in new borrower where just need to modify name and email value in the requestBody
   
<ins>**Book Controller**</ins>
1. Retrieve Book List
   ->Nothing to be change just perform the Postman Call
2. Create Book
   ->to perform the action where to add in new book where just need to modify title and author value in the requestBody
   
<ins>**Borrowing Controller**</ins>
1. Borrow Book
   ->to perform action to borrow book by modify the requestBody value. Which is borrowerName, borrowerEmail and isbn.
2. Return Book
   ->to perform action to return book by modify the requestBody value. Which is borrowerName, borrowerEmail, isbn and bookId.

<ins>**Database choice**</ins>
-> Use Mysql Workbench. Which is easy to be setup and use for local setup.
-> Add in new table which is book_detail for borrowing.

<ins>**Business Rule Assumption**</ins>
1. ISBN number will be auto generated by the system.
2. Email will be verify and must have the expected regex format.
3. Same email cant be register twice for borrower.
4. When book is return will be perform update to the book_detail table to N and will be allowing the user to borrow again.
5. If book is not found, user unable to perform borrowing action for the specific book
